In order to do data analysis in Python, we should first tell you a little bit about the
main packages relevant to analysis in Python.
A Python library is a collection of functions and methods that allow you to perform lots
of actions without writing any code.
The libraries usually contain built-in modules providing different functionalities, which
you can use directly.
And there are extensive libraries, offering a broad range of facilities.
We have divided the Python data analysis libraries into three groups: 
The first group is called "scientific computing libraries." 
scientific computing libraries:
Pandas ---> it offers data structure and tools for effective data manipulation and analysis.
            It provides fast access to structured data.
            The primary instrument of Pandas is a two-dimensional table consisting of column and row labels,
            which are called a DataFrame.
            It is designed to provide easy indexing functionality.

Numpy ----> The Numpy library uses arrays for its inputs and outputs.
            It can be extended to objects for matrices, and with minor coding changes, developers
            can perform fast array processing.

SciPy ----> it includes functions for some advanced math problems, as listed on this slide, as
            well as data visualization.

Visualization:
            Using data visualization methods is the best way to communicate with others, showing them
            meaningful results of analysis.
            These libraries enable you to create graphs, charts and maps.
Matplotlib-> The Matplotlib package is the most well-known library for data visualization.
             It is great for making graphs and plots.
             The graphs are also highly customizable.
             Another high-level visualization library is Seaborn.
             It is based on Matplotlib.

Seaborn ---> It's very easy to generate various plots such as heat maps, time series, and violin plots.

Machine Learning Algorithms:
    With Machine Learning algorithms, we're able to develop a model using our dataset and obtain predictions.
    The algorithmic libraries tackle some machine learning tasks from basic to complex.
    Here we introduce two packages: 
    ---> The Scikit-learn library contains tools for
        statistical modeling, including regression, classification, clustering and so on.
        This library is built on NumPy, SciPy and Matplotlib.
    ---> StatsModels is also a Python module that allows users to explore data, estimate statistical
        models, and perform statistical tests.